Welcome. We're so glad to be with you. My name is Kelly. And I'm Doug.
And we are going to be sharing a little bit about our takeaways from week one of our life together series. It doesn't matter if right now you're watching this alone or with friends, family, or in your group.
your group. We just hope that this offers an opportunity for you to reflect on what you heard from God's word. And hopefully it inspires you to take a next step or to learn.
get with your community. So something that we started right out the bat with was learning about this divine dance that the Trinity has, the Father, the Son, and the Spirit. And obviously that's perfect.
perfect community because it's God, right? But we also learned and we know this, that God created community for us, right, Doug?
Yeah, I love what Doug said in Genesis chapter 2. God mentions that God...
It's not good for us to be alone.
And it reminds me of a personal story of a guy that actually joined my group recently, and his name is Kent. And Kent had been disconnected from the church and
He had tried to get connected, but it really wasn't working out. And he said, you know,
I'm going to make an effort and I'm going to just show up for this group and I'm going to make sure I show up on time. I'm going to show up every single week. And to his own admission, he's someone
He's someone that wasn't super extroverted. And so this took a little bit of a step for him. And by the end of the group, he shared with us just how much that group meant. He said, you know, I'm so happy that I took
I took the effort and made the effort to be in this because this is exactly what I was looking for. Oh, I love that.
That's awesome.
yeah and i we also talked about um this this idea that in community.
Grief is divided, but joy is multiplied. And if you've ever experienced,
a good friendship or a good community. You know that to be true because that's what you experience. Whether you're the giver that shares by carrying a burden or you're the one celebrating others, you also know that that's
I know that that's reciprocated. It's a give and a take, right? So good. So I have a personal story to share too. I got to walk through this really unique season with a few friends of mine, parents of a little girl who...
Who is diagnosed with childhood cancer at the age of one.
And it was hard to watch as a friend, but we got to walk with them together. And we learned so much about God through that season, but what was really cool is that years later, it's been a few years.
A few years now, as they go back for checkups at the hospital, one of the doctors who walked through that season with the family, she shared just last week about how she still thinks about COVID.
how amazing it was to see their support system, the community that showed up. And my friend just marveled at the fact that she actually, this doctor, who she doesn't believe is a Christian,
um shared god's word john 13:35 that they would know you by your love for one another and i think that is such a great takeaway for us that as we live in this world that seems to
That seems to be divided. Yeah.
that people would know us by our love for one another, not for what we're against, but what we're for, right? and i think there was a great mention of like our divided world. what was that? yeah, doug said.
That the answer to a divided world,
is a united church.
So good. So good. We love it. But that starts with us, right? A United Church starts with each of us together.
And participating in that dance, although it's not perfect, community is messy. We all can attest to that, right? We've all experienced something that could make us turn away. But we
Like Doug said,
We got to find our tribe and we got to love them hard. So right now we encourage you if you're with your group, if you're with family and friends, this is a great time to go into those discussion questions and see how God's word
God's word can transform your week as you change and adapt to what you learned this week. But also, if you're not part of a community, this is your invitation to take that first step in
Step, and that is Dunhow. Listen, you guys can go to the church website, calvaryftl.org slash groups, and
And just
To see what we have, we have over 375 groups that are open right now, ready for you to join. Thank you.
And we've got groups for everybody, literally.
and ah in fact we've got short term groups long term groups you just need to find a group and go in there and check it out and sign up and just like my friend ken.
Just make the effort. Yeah. Because I promise you, it will be worth it.
That's right.
Take that first step, make the effort. And we can't wait to see what God does as you take that first step forward.
forward. We're so glad we got to spend these few minutes with you guys and we can't wait to see you next week for our discussion of week two of the Light Together series. We'll see you then. Have a great week.